docs: modem autoconnection documentation (#5764)
eclipse/kura: docs/gateway-configuration/cellular-configuration.md

- **Connection Attempts**: sets the maximum number of consecutive modem connection attempts, if the **Reopen Connection On Termination** option is enabled. The default value is 5 connection attempts. A value of 0 means no limit. When the connection attempts are exhausted, the process will be restarted after a grace period.

- **LCP Echo Interval**: when a PPP connection is used, sets the _lcp-echo-interval_ option of the PPP daemon. If set to a positive number, the modem sends LCP echo request to the peer at the specified number of seconds. To disable this option, set it to zero. This option may be used with the _lcp-echo-failure_ option to detect that the peer is no longer connected.

- **LCP Echo Failure**: when a PPP connection is used, sets the _lcp-echo-failure_ option of the PPP daemon. If set to a positive number, the modem presumes the peer to be dead if a specified number of LCP echo-requests are sent without receiving a valid LCP echo-reply. To disable this option, set it to zero.

#### Cellular automatic reconnection

> When the **Reopen Connection On Termination** is enabled, Kura will keep trying to establish a cellular connection if it is unsuccessful or terminated. The **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** option specifies the time interval between consecutive connection attempts, while the **Connection Attempts** specifies the maximum number of attempts before giving up. If the maximum attempts limit is reached, Kura will restart the process after a grace time. The number of attempts and the delay determines the grace time with the following formula:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the **Reopen Connection On Termination** option is enabled, Kura will keep trying to establish a cellular connection if it is unsuccessful or terminated. The **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** option sets the time interval between consecutive connection attempts, while the **Connection Attempts** sets the maximum number of attempts before giving up. If the maximum attempts limit is reached, Kura will restart the process after a grace time. The number of attempts and the delay determines the grace time with the following formula:
```

```
"Grace Time" = "Connection Attempts Retry Delay" x "Connection Attempts" [s]
```

> So, if the **Connection Attempts** are set to 3 and the **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** to 15s, Kura will try to establish a connection for 3 times every 15s. If it fails, Kura will wait for 45s and restart the process. Be aware that the **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** should be carefully set in order to not prevent a successful connection to the selected APN. Please refer to the cellular connection provider.

Reviewer: Wording and avoid double negation

```suggestion
So, if the **Connection Attempts** are set to 3 and the **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** to 15s, Kura will try to establish a connection for 3 times every 15s. If the 3 connection attempts all fail, Kura will wait for 45s (i.e. the grace time) before restarting the process. Be aware that the **Connection Attempts Retry Delay** should be carefully set in order to guarantee a successful connection to the selected APN. Please refer to your cellular connection provider.
```
